# Week of September 17th, 2024

## Kajsa Pruner
### This week:
- Created a [document](/Camera.md) with information of packages that we need to download for our camera. Can be found in giuthub.
> Awesome! A wiki page or a mkdocs page would be even better. I attached a link to your original words, so "Can be found in giuthub" is no longer needed. 
- Me and Reagan downloaded started to download the packages and set up the camera so it is working with the functions that we need it to have
> Not sure about meaning of "downloaded started to download...". Please specify what functions are needed and working. 
### Goals:
- Work on figuring out how we connect the camera to the motors so that it can process the information from the camera and act upon this.
> Why you want to connect the camera to the motors? I understand what you mean, but this could be confusing for people without background. Also, since you have stated that the camera was working, the purpose of this goal is unclear.
- Research how we will power up our robot. What batteries and other power supplies for example.
- Finish Power point presentation for class on friday.


## Reagan Graff
### This week:
- Downloaded packages and set up the camera, see what packages we downloaded by viewing the document that Kajsa made in Github.
> What about the goals from last week? Did encoder based navigation (dead reckoning) work?
### Goals:
- Work on figuring out how we connect the camera to the motors so that it can process the information from the camera and act upon this.
> And you want to connect the camera to the motors as well :dizzy_face:


## Ethan Durham
### This Week:
- Completed first design of new base.
- Added a Design Iteration folder on GitHub
- Print Base Design Iteration 1
### Goals:
- Have design1 put together
> Does this include an STL file?
- Upgrade/Design second iteration of base
- Continue to learn 3d design and printing
  
