>
> - You can delete comments if merge the pull request.
> - Read Jetson Orin Nano's [datasheet](https://developer.nvidia.com/downloads/assets/embedded/secure/jetson/orin_nano/docs/jetson_orin_nano_devkit_carrier_board_specification_sp.pdf). Find out the answer for 1) input voltage, and 2) DC jack's dimension.

## Reagan Graff
### This Week:
- Installed OpenCV and Slam
> What is "Slam"? attach link for any software installed.
- Helped finish new parts list
> Which part?.
### Goals:
- Test encoder program
> Need to be more specific. For example, verify 5 meter forward and backward traverse on both wheels.
- Figure out opencv and how to use it
> This is too general, let's get started with a smaller goal. How about streaming video in ROS using [cv_bridge](https://index.ros.org/p/cv_bridge/)? 
- Adjust 3D model for switch box


## Ethan Durham
### This Week:
- Finished Design1 Print
- Added components to design1
> What components?.
- Helped finish new parts list
> Which part?.
- Took notes for design2
> Briefly summarize them.
### Goals:
- Start design2
> Please briefly introduce the improvements.
- Print design2
- Get more familiar with 3d design and printing
- Get more familiar with Virgil
> Need to be more specific. For example, establish kinematics model.

## Kajsa Pruner
### This Week:
- Finished the Parts List
- Did research on what Battery Pack we need, and what and how many switches we should use. Refer to the [doc](/Power.md).
> Please read the [datasheet](https://developer.nvidia.com/downloads/assets/embedded/secure/jetson/orin_nano/docs/jetson_orin_nano_devkit_carrier_board_specification_sp.pdf). Then update your design and modify your [document](/Power.md). 5V4A may not be a good choice. 
### Goals:
- Do more research on OpenCV and the Slam so we can figure out how to use it for our purpose in this class (be able to navigate autonomiously). I want to specificly understand more about how to work with these programs with the camera.
> This is somehow too general, need a smaller goal. How about stream the video from camera using [opencv-python](https://pypi.org/project/opencv-python/)? 

