## Reagan Graff
### This Week:
- Reinstalled correct ubuntu version onto Raspberry Pi (Ubuntu 24.04.01). 
- Installed all ROS2 Jazzy and all appropriate dependicies and packages.
- Wrote program for camera and detecting objects. 
- Adjusted the wheel driver program to work with our size tires.

### Future Goals
- Get the robot moving and able to drive around the classroom
- Once able to travel with encoders, change program to navigage autonomously. 

## Kajsa Pruner
### This week
- Did some research on Visual SLAM (ORB SLAM). The mapping and Localization. Have not been able to do that much, but will continue next week.
- Printed switch case
- Updated battery pack holder and made the walls thicker, printed this

### Future Goals
- Continue to do research about packages and code we need to get all the functions together (camera, motordriver etc). I specifically want to get better at Visual SLAM because I think this will be crucial for us.
- Do more research on visual SLAM, the mapping and localization.
- FYI. I will be traveling the rest of the week to Florida so will not be in Conway much this week. will be taking a webcamera with me to florida so I can deep diver with the camera and ORB SLAM2 in USL on my computer.

## Ethan Durham
### This Week:
- Successfully transferred the components from old Virgil to the new base.
- Assisted Reagan in confirming the robot can drive.
- Looked over the components to confirm nothing was damaged.

### Future Goals:
- Place a Lidar, new emergency switch case, and the Raspberry Pi onto the base2.
- Start brainstorming/writing down ideas for changes for Base2. 
- Start a third base design iteration. 
