## Kajsa Pruner:
### This Week:
- Created stand to hold robot so we can test motors
- Helped Reagan with software
  > Need more details for the help you offered.

### Future Goals:
- Start presentation flyer
- Figure out ORB Slam and how to connect with camera

## Reagan Graff:
### This Week:
- Downloaded ORB Slam, but build froze
- Designed 3D print for switch and camera holder
- Work with Ethan to set up the layout

### Future Goals:
- Reflash card for Raspberry Pi
- Continue to work on ORB Slam
- Test motors and get robot to drive

## Ethan Durham:
### This Week:
- I drilled holes into our base for the Pi to be placed in.
- I 3d printed a pi camera mount to place onto our base.
- I 3d printed a new switch case.
- I soldered wires to our new switch and placed it into the switch case. 

### Future Goals:
- Start a third design iteration.
  > Detailed plan?
- Place all outside components, pi camera and pi, onto the base
- Make sure everything is connected, so we can have a drivable robot.
- Screw drill holes for second wire splitter

## Lin Zhang:
### This Week:
- Built customized [ORB-SLAM3](https://github.com/zang09/ORB-SLAM3-STEREO-FIXED) on a Raspberry Pi 5 running Ubuntu Server 24.04. 
- Built a [ROS2 wrapper](https://github.com/zang09/ORB_SLAM3_ROS2?tab=readme-ov-file) on the system. 
- Documented procedures in several [wiki pages](https://github.com/UCAEngineeringPhysics/senior_design-2024-Liverpool-RC/wiki).
- Having issues:
  1. Cannot run mono example. Getting wrong syntax message, even strictly followed the example.
  2. ROS2 node won't receive any image from either a webcam or a pi camera.
### Future Goals:
- Since ORB-SLAM3 is kinda out dated. Starting to look at the [pyslam](https://github.com/luigifreda/pyslam) project, which claims to achieve mono SLAM with deep learning approaches. 
